docs/planning/userStories.md, before:

# User Stories / requirements

As a member of the public, I am welcomed on a page with a redirection to the main VTRA website or login.

### APP FEATURES

- Admin & rider authentication/authorization
- Schedule for viewing and booking rides/lessons
- Weather integration
- Chat integration
- Payment integration
- User management

### AS A MEMBER OF THE EXERCISE RIDERS TEAM:

- I can click on an invitation link I have received in order to sign up
- When I sign up I will provide a name, address, password, HCBC number & confirm up to date. (Maybe more?).
- I can edit my profile information.
- I can log-in using my username & password
- I can click a link to reset my password.
- I can see a calendar which displays current and upcoming un-availability of the indoor arena to plan my ride
- I can see, in the same calendar, a list of already booked rides
- I can book available horses for a ride either in the arena, if available or outdoors.
- I can get some weather forecast in the app to know if riding outside is an option if the indoor arena is booked.
- I can file my rider progress report after i finished my ride.
- I can book my next lesson spot.
  When booking a lesson spot, I can pay for it if I choose to.
- I can message other members in real time (to arrange a team ride) \*\*_STRETCH_
- If I want to cancel my lesson/ride, I send a notification to the admin who will process the cancellation.
- I can confirm every year to having up to date insurance.

### AS AN ADMIN:

- I can log-in as an admin.
- I can see the list of users (riders and admin)
- I can change the role of any user.
- I can deactivate/reactivate any user.
- I can send an invitation to a user to sign up using their email address and select which role(s) they would have.
- I can add, edit and destroy arena bookings as needed
- I can approve or reject a cancellation request. (Provide reason for rejection?)
- I can add, edit, destroy lessons and open them up to reservation for the riders.
- Obtain rider reports after their ride.
- I can message all members in real time. \*\*_STRETCH_
- I can process riders requests, including cancellations.
- I can add/edit/remove horses from the list :’(
- Mark a horse as unavailable if injured or other reasons??

## PROJECT MILESTONES

What are the project milestones: you need to create a list of the project milestones and specify what are the deadlines.

Commit message:

change ruby version & edit to planning docs

docs/planning/userStories.md, after:

# User Stories / requirements

### APP FEATURES

- Admin & rider authentication/authorization _stretch_
- Schedule for viewing and booking rides/lessons
- Weather integration
- Chat integration
- Payment integration
- User management

### AS A MEMBER OF THE PUBLIC

- I am welcomed on a page with a redirection to the main VTRA website or login.

### AS A MEMBER OF THE EXERCISE RIDERS TEAM:

- I can click on an invitation link I have received in order to sign up
- When I sign up I will provide a name, address, password, HCBC number & confirm up to date. (Maybe more?).
- I can edit my profile information.
- I can log-in using my username & password
- I can click a link to reset my password.
- I can see a calendar which displays current and upcoming un-availability of the indoor arena to plan my ride
- I can see, in the same calendar, a list of already booked rides
- I can book available horses for a ride either in the arena, if available or outdoors.
- I can get some weather forecast in the app to know if riding outside is an option if the indoor arena is booked.
- I can file my rider progress report after i finished my ride.
- I can book my next lesson spot.
  When booking a lesson spot, I can pay for it if I choose to.
- I can message other members in real time (to arrange a team ride) \*\*_STRETCH_
- If I want to cancel my lesson/ride, I send a notification to the admin who will process the cancellation.
- I can confirm every year to having up to date insurance.

### AS AN ADMIN:

- I can log-in as an admin.
- I can see the list of users (riders and admin)
- I can change the role of any user.
- I can deactivate/reactivate any user.
- I can send an invitation to a user to sign up using their email address and select which role(s) they would have.
- I can add, edit and destroy arena bookings as needed
- I can approve or reject a cancellation request. (Provide reason for rejection?)
- I can add, edit, destroy lessons and open them up to reservation for the riders.
- Obtain rider reports after their ride.
- I can message all members in real time. \*\*_STRETCH_
- I can process riders requests, including cancellations.
- I can add/edit/remove horses from the list :’(
- Mark a horse as unavailable if injured or other reasons??

## PROJECT MILESTONES

What are the project milestones: you need to create a list of the project milestones and specify what are the deadlines.

- By end of first Monday: OCT 26

  - wireframe/planning
  - routes and base backend setup
  - confirm api choice/use
  - validating front end libraries/ framework?

- BUILD THE APP: OCT 26

  - step 1: ??
  - step 2: ??
  - step 3: finish

- By end of second Monday: NOV 2

  - wrap up coding
  - testing
  - css/bug fixes

- DRYRUN PRESENTATION: WEDNESDAY NOV 4

- DEMO DAY: NOV 5
  - NO CODING ON DEMO DAY
